Feature: Tolerant flight checks for docked ships (#7108)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/tooltips.txt

tip "no steering!"
	`This ship does not have any steering systems installed. If it took off, it would be unable to turn.`

tip "no energy?"

> 	`This ship does not have any source of energy to power its systems. Although it can take off while docked on an other ship, it will not function once deployed.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	`This ship does not have any source of energy to power its systems. Although it can take off while docked on another ship, it will not function once deployed.`
```

tip "no fuel energy?"
	`This ship does not have enough fuel to provide energy to power its systems. Although it can take off while docked on an other ship, it will not function once deployed.`

tip "afterburner only?"
	`This ship's only thruster is an afterburner. It may be unable to move if the afterburner runs out of fuel.`

tip "reverse only?"
	`This ship has a reverse thruster but no forward thruster, which could make it very difficult to maneuver.`

tip "no thruster?"

> 	`This ship does not have any sort of thruster installed. Although it can take off while docked on an other ship, it would be unable to move once deployed.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	`This ship does not have any sort of thruster installed. Although it can take off while docked on another ship, it will be unable to move once deployed.`
```
